README documentation refactoring (#476)
instana/go-sensor: docs/sql.md

## Tracing SQL Driver Databases

> The tracer provides means to trace database calls made trough the Go standard library, that is for drivers compliant with the [database/sql/driver package](https://pkg.go.dev/database/sql/driver@go1.21.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tracer provides means to trace database calls made through the Go standard library, for drivers compliant with the [database/sql/driver package](https://pkg.go.dev/database/sql/driver@go1.21.3).
```
